It is possible to use either the asterisk
or the question mark character in the search query
as a wildcard within a search term.
The question mark represents a single letter
whereas the asterisk represents one or more letters.
Neither one can replace a blank space,
which means that they only function within a single word.
So, if I wanted to search for every word
that begins with the letters "r-e-g-n",
I should input "regn*".
This will return hits on words such as
"regnum", "regnante" or "regno".
If we change this query to "regn?",
it will return all words that start with "r-e-g-n"
followed by a single letter,
for instance, "regno" or "regni",
but not "regnum"
since there are two letters after "r-e-g-n" in "regnum".
The wildcard search works both in the advanced
and the simple search.